Book anonymous interviews and mentorship sessions on interviewing.io, and get live actionable feedback from senior engineers at companies like Google, Facebook and more. Get better at problems focusing on algorithms, systems design, machine learning- or just hone your skills to ensure you land your dream job. No matter what your goals are, our interviewers and mentors are here to help make them a reality. interviewing.ioand 6 more links If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device. • interviewing.io interviewing.io You're signed out Videos you watch may be added to the TV's watch history and influence TV recommendations. To avoid this, cancel and sign in to YouTube on your computer. CancelConfirm Share An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again later. Meet Joy, Rob, Krys, Andrew, Stephen, Vinay, Wes, and Wade. They're all engineers with one important thing in common: they successfully navigated the technical interviewing process and landed their dream job. And they did it with interviewing.io. By doing mock technical interviews on interviewing.io with senior software engineers from companies like Google, Facebook, and Apple, they got real feedback on how to improve their interview performance, giving them the confidence and practice necessary to ace the real interviews. ❓ What is interviewing.io? -------------------------------------- interviewing.io is a mock technical interviewing platform that gives engineers an opportunity to practice their interviewing skills, anonymously, with senior engineers from FAANG companies such as Facebook, Amazon, Google and more. Do well in practice, and bypass recruiter calls and resume screens by instantly booking real technical interviews with Microsoft, Lyft, Dropbox and more—all while still being anonymous. 💬 Connect with us -------------------------------------- Twitter: https://twitter.com/interviewingio LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/inte... Blog: https://blog.interviewing.io/ Videos you watch may be added to the TV's watch history and influence TV recommendations. To avoid this, cancel and sign in to YouTube on your computer. CancelConfirm If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device. • Share An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again later.